I'd like to show you some demo of an
project we're currently working on our
company and it's related to something
that's currently going on in Germany
because we have some struggles in this
country with our medical health record
so as Americans I guess you are not
aware of that but we don't have one year
in Germany and the law is actually
enforcing every participant in this
medical system to introduce a medical
health record by January 1st 2021 no
guess what they secure the whole system
using VPNs and they're securing that
with SSL connections and everything all
the medical health records are stored on
a central system like in a three pocket
mortise and we thought could we maybe do
better the first thing is the app for
the patients and they are creating the
record on themselves everything is based
on IP address and on Nigeria and what I
would like to do is I'm just creating a
medical health record here this takes
some seconds because we're now anchoring
the identity of the user that we created
here in the browser onto the blockchain
and let's give them some name
they're so jolly and I think my brother
crashed it's just slow I'm sorry and you
can also choose your birthday which is
quite ridiculous because I think never
no one wants to change your birthday but
this is just just the demo rate so once
you created this this entry this is
stored is an encrypted ipfs file and
ipfs and the the record root is anchored
on the blockchain I mean many of you
people will know what I'm talking about
anchoring theories on the blockchain is
not like the biggest thing do but what's
important this is what many people are
not aware aware of you in Germany is
that you of course can share them
and our idea is if you're practitioners
you're trusting so we have a second
application here this is the application
of the practitioner and you must imagine
if the patient goes to the practitioners
place whereas practicing there is this
QR code and the patient's can stick to
our code so it gets into some kind of
trust relationship with a practitioner
this is what I'm doing here as soon as I
do this we're anchoring the trust
relationship between the practitioner
and the patient on the blockchain but
what we're not doing
we are not say
ending an event on the build-up sub to
notify the practitioner that he has
received a new patient and as you can
see and this is also a question for you
guys
ah okay it took just a while this was
idea cos pops up so there was a recruit
so of the tops of message from one
browser window to another browser window
there is no server in between this is
just IP fizz pops up and from from from
that point the practitioner can see the
patient's record and I said this has
been encrypted on the patient side with
the public key of the patient but as
soon as you as a patient decide to share
the direct code with your with your
practitioner you send an encrypted on
you send the CID or the encrypted file
for the practitioner to the practitioner
and just to show you that this is really
working our the practitioner can do
let's put in some data yeah and I think
sharing is not the best thing to do on
Ubuntu I'm sorry hope that you can still
hear me so let's just put in some fake
data and now the practitioner is
creating a so-called proposal document
which is encrypted for the patient and
he's now anchoring that you see ID for
you that you might consider putting into
your medical health record and you see
it should be mined very fast hmm there
it is okay now we just patched the
proposal and on the patient side there's
already that little toast going on and
you can see on the patient side I hope
but
it's working no it's not not that this
entry here it is okay that this
practitioner is sent to him is already
automatically accepted because you
trusted the professional reforms so from
from in terms of user experience this is
quite great because it feels like that
the practitioner can really write into
your record which he cannot he can just
propose and we are accepting all these
things automatically if there is some
trust enabled and just to show you that
this was really running on ipfs um I
hope that this note is responding fast
enough all these documents of course
thought decentralized and sometimes as
fast sometimes not you know the game
right what's interesting of course all
these so both applications are running
in a J's ipfs nodes inside the process
and yeah it's always a matter of reach
ability if you can find the records as
soon as if you click on that this is our
biggest issue so we're putting a pinning
node in between which is reading the
blockchain along pinning all the
documents that have been proposed or
changed so we are able to serve them
rather quickly hope this is the right
thing to do